8
Techniques to add flavour and aroma to beer with hops
I'm a hop lover, recently I found one of bests IIPA I ever tasted (I don't know if I can name beer / brand)
I've found at the bottom of the bottle, there are no yeast rests, but yes hop leafs. :) sweet!
One friend tell me this technike is called bottle dry-hopping, consisting in introducing a little bud of hop in each bottle.
I've heard about dry-hopping but before botteling the beer, also i know  Hop Spider, is a filter you fill with hop for the freezing step.
Three techniques are great and give nice results at the end, so:
Anyone knows about other techniques using hops to add flavour and aroma AFTER cooking the beer?

12
This question might be a bit broad,
 but what I'm trying to understand is generally how the brewing process and the subsequent
  end result differed before the early-modern to modern era. 
I had asked a question here some months back on where I could find some historical styles of beer,
 but without having much luck
  I thought I'd try to get at least an understanding of what's known about
   the evolution of beer from ancient to medieval to modern times. 
 So the question if I was a European medieval man drinking beer circa 6th-15th 
 centuries what would that beer have been like? 
 ow did it differ from what we've been brewing for the last few centuries? 
 And is that product distinct from what existed in ancient times?
 
 9
 I received a true beginner's homebrew kit from a relative as a Christmas gift, decided to attempt a brew and followed the directions as close to perfect as I could.
 After the entire process was completed I wound up with something that did not really pour, smell or 
 look like beer. Obviously I have done something wrong and need to try again, but my question is 
 Assuming an enthusiast observes a respectable level of sanitation in the process of the brew,
  but perhaps severely deviates from the instructions at some point in the process,
   how can they tell if their brew is actually fit (or unfit) to drink? Are there tell-tale 
   smells/colours/heads that indicate a spoiled beverage?
