5
The taste of hops, malt
When I drink beer I can taste a bitter, then slightly sweetness, then kind of a lingering flavor of something.
I'm curious - is the lingering flavor the malt, or the hops?
What contributes to the bitterness - the malt or the hops?

hops
7
Are some beers 'too hoppy'?
Hoppy beers appear to be fad at the moment. 
It seems that some brewers are aiming to produce beer with the sole aim to be as hoppy as possible, 
without consideration to other flavors or characteristics. 
Is it fair to say that some beers are simply 'too hoppy' by some objective measure?
I would say the New Zealand's Boundry Road Mumbo Jumbo IPA fits this category. 

hops,flavor
9
What uses do hops have outside of brewing?
Do hops have (or had in the past) any use outside of brewing beer?
mean: In the question of 
http://beer.stackexchange.com/questions/2/when-was-the-first-beer-ever-brewed
dating first modern beers;
We have the first record of cultivating hops predating the first record of use of hops in beer by nearly a century.
 Could the hops have been cultivated for any other purpose than brewing,
 or can we safely assume if they were cultivated, there was beer made with them?

hops,history
4
What is the single most influential book every beer enthusiast should read?
If you could go back in time and tell yourself to read a specific book about beer, 
which book would it be?

brewing,taste
4
How hard is to brew beer in a hot climate?
I would like to start this hobby however I don't know how hard is to do it in a semi desert climate. 
Should I have a place with cool temperature to avoid spoiling the brew?

brewing
8
Should lighter red wines be served chilled?
I know that white wines are usually served chilled and drier or full-bodied reds are served at room
 temperature. 
 For an upcoming gathering I'll be serving some lighter, sweeter reds 
 (one is called a red moscato, for example), alongside whites and other reds. 
  At what temperature should I serve them?  If chilled, would the same temperature as for whites
 (like rieslings) be suitable?

temperature
6
Is beer healthy if drunk in moderation?
Beer is obviously not healthy if it is drunk to much, however, one of my friends argue a little beer 
in moderation can provide certain health benefits. Like it can lower risk of stroke and heart 
diseases. Is this true or is it just baloney people say to get someone else to drink a little 
bit? Are these claims true?

health
8
Techniques to add flavour and aroma to beer with hops
I'm a hop lover, recently I found one of bests IIPA I ever tasted (I don't know if I can name beer / brand)
I've found at the bottom of the bottle, there are no yeast rests, but yes hop leafs. :) sweet!
One friend tell me this technike is called bottle dry-hopping, consisting in introducing a little bud of hop in each bottle.
I've heard about dry-hopping but before botteling the beer, also i know  Hop Spider, is a filter you fill with hop for the freezing step.
Three techniques are great and give nice results at the end, so:
Anyone knows about other techniques using hops to add flavour and aroma AFTER cooking the beer?

taste,brewing, hops
6
Why and when did the interest for micro breweries and craft beers arise?
During the past couple of years, the variety of beers found in supermarkets in Germany has vastly increased. There is a number of beers that I remember having always been there, and a few have been added over time. But these don’t stick out much in price or flavour.
Recently, I heard the term micro brewery for the first time, and I noticed that large supermarkets have stocked up on many different (mostly regional) beers. Prices start at “slightly above average”, but some are easily ten times as expensive. A bottle of beer for 7 Euros? Not the most expensive.
This, and the fact that beer.stackexchange.com exists, and that many questions concern micro breweries and craft beers leads me to the questions:
Why this sudden interest in micro breweries and craft beers? When did it start?

history
6
Is Jagermeister healthy for you?
 I always heard that Jagermeister is very healthy for you and is a great digestive ,
 is all this true?
 Would a shot of Jagermeister make me more healthier or would the alcohol just be damaging me in time?
 This is my first question on this site so sorry if I didn't formulated it quite

health,drinking